doc: update style guide (#10424)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: packages/contracts-bedrock/STYLE_GUIDE.md

Where basic functionality is already supported by an existing contract in the OpenZeppelin library,
we should default to using the Upgradeable version of that contract.

### Source Code

The following guidelines should be followed for all contracts in the `src/` directory:

> - All state change should have a corresponding event emitted. This ensures that all state changes are
>   transparent, can be easily monitored, and can be reconstructed from the event logs.

Reviewer: This might be overly broad. 
ie. some methods, particularly in the bridge path, will make many state changes, but it's sufficient to emit a single event. 

Could it make sense to say 
```suggestion
- All state changing functions should emit a corresponding event. This ensures that all actions are transparent, can be easily monitored, and can be reconstructed from the event logs.
```

Reviewer: If "reconstructed from the event logs" is important, we may need to provide more guidance about the specific arguments/data the event should include.

Author: > If "reconstructed from the event logs" is important

I don't think this is super important, but it is a good heuristic to help decide what to emit. Would you update your suggestion given that? (I'm also ok with your suggestion as-is)

Reviewer: I'm also OK with it as is.
